hey everybody welcome back to her on the
line play of the binding of issac actors
plus we've been doing well on dailies
yesterday we were like 100 and something
give me a second today is an Iran that
goes to Mom's foot so we'll be looking
for seams unfortunately and yeah
yesterday one point four nine percent
with the rank of one to four the day
before that we were one point four eight
percent with a rank of one point there
one hundred and twenty first three
ranking points different point zero one
percent relative rank difference top
score today right now is fifty one
thousand the top front page is thirty
seven thousand two fifty one thousand
thirty seven thousand seems indicative
of a run in which you can go a little
further and this is my airplane
captain's voice thank you for boarding
daily Airways we're looking at a nice
smooth short hop to Mom's foot today
unless we die in the process sorry
didn't mean to say that
save that for now okay and we've been
getting you know back basically not
perfect plate with decent play in Isaac
an eve run is always a nice test because
we with a half spirit art especially
early I mean obviously I prefer have a
full spirit art or maybe we can blow up
this tinted rock and give to spirit arts
and then you know the world's our oyster
but we can get the whore Babylon pretty
quickly or we could choose to trade that
for the relative safety of having a
little bit more HP I'm not going to take
the pill yet I'll dude we need to that's
so nice we need to get a bomb one bomb
can turn into like three spirit hearts
if we get the right kind of payouts from
these tinted rocks but for now I'm not
going to sweat it too much so in terms
of seams one thing that's worth looking
for is earlier self-sacrifice rooms that
I normally worry about because like I
usually go oh it's the depths to when we
finish the run and mom we should stop at
the depths too and look for a self
sacrificing room and if there is a one
I'm like I probably missed one unlike
the caves to or something like that
so if possible we could make that happen
a little earlier that might be the way
forward or it might be you know the
sirens song and we should tie ourselves
to the mast and try to
make it work regardless we have a tell
we had a card we should take blank card
as the thing so I'm going to use that
and of course we're not going to get the
full damage bonus forever here but blank
card is too good to pass up obviously
we're not going to get a chance to go to
our shop so hopefully we get a bomb from
this fine I'll even take like matchbook
matchbook is basically like a bunch of
HP Ups probably if we if we get the
spirit oh it's out of the tinted rocks
or not I don't know like a golden chest
that's full of garbage or something like
that but what do you got for me here
torn photo lovely item thank you very
much I'm going to take the pill and neva
no worries down to the next floor with
drastically improved DPS and a much much
better active item than you start with
on this run and really nothing to
complain about which leaves me in an
awkward spot for commentary because it's
kind of like my brand is like mild
inconvenience magnified by like you know
a hundredfold to make it seem as if it's
the worst thing ever I actually have
people there's been like an NL backlash
maybe not like genuinely but there's a
lot of like devil's advocate and Chad
now I need to go back over the rules of
all the NL SS bits which is that they're
satire like people actually I still to
this day you know we talk about the deli
counter situations occasionally on the
show where I like get a little cheese
the people have ordered too many meats
at the deli counter monopolize the deli
counter workers time and then you know
monopolize my time they could take a lot
longer for me to get through the grocery
store people go well shouldn't they be
able to do whatever they want of course
it's a free country you know but I'm
going to complain about it anyway
because it's it's on brand baby it's on
brand okay okay okay you definitely take
Incubus the door is not open but by
taking Incubus we actually are able to
stick with this item here it's always
satire I'm surprisingly you would you
would be surprised maybe it's because of
my low testosterone count he says as a
bald man who got shoulder hair at the
age of 15 but I'm on I'm
nice person like in real life I don't
when I'm at the deli counter I don't
Larry David it up and go hey how many
hands you get in there buddy like what's
the meaningful difference between a
Tuscany ham and a rosemary ham instead I
just go on my phone and I tweet about it
and I'm like technically I can write off
this phone bill because it's work no
that's I don't know if tweeting about
being mad at the people in the deli
counter is work or not but you know
that's that's for the Canadian Tax
Service to decide we are actually
balling out of control to a ridiculous
degree early on on this run there's
nothing we can do except take sulfuric
tears so we might as well like not
belabor the point too much of course the
irony is that after getting the sulfuric
tears we could basically go to the
reroll machine if we wanted to but sadly
the irony doesn't really apply here so
we can find a second secret room there's
a lot of tails what makes you small
amnesia verb give us another one makes
you small kill infested and I can see
forever which actually should allow us
to more easily make it into our shop
here wherever you can't buy anything but
that's okay what if we shoot this guy
can he ever nah maybe if there was like
a rock on top of it we could have
exploded him but there we go we got a
golden chest the golden chest was
actually really really good I still
don't think we can get anything in our
shop and get a car we might as well get
a card like blank our death is not
particularly strong but at least it's
something to do with blank art and
honestly I don't know how you could have
done much better on those floors right
there we made it work for us pretty
nicely and we do I mean lacking a little
bit in the consumable department but our
damage is ridiculous and I don't know if
maybe we're you know we've got perhaps a
better bead on our DPS than the average
person would have on this or I mean
Tammy's head is a lovely item but on a
run in which you're trying to look for a
seam I think blank card
is more valuable even though Tammy's
head is obviously like ridiculously
strong as well um playing card high
priestess I don't know I kind of feel
like blank card death is a little better
okay sure
just for like room-clearing purposes but
they're both great of course secret room
maybe that would have found it that
would have found it but what I mean is
like I don't think we're the only person
who's gotten a you know ten point
whatever DPS right now or ten point
whatever damage I should say but we
might be in the small minority there
depending on how the first run went for
people or the first floor went for
people I should say or we might be you
know running with like 80% of the the
crowd right now I got no freaking ideas
the thing and that's what's exciting
about dailies is thinking that you did
really well and not realizing until
slightly later that actually you
performed you know above average but
nothing more complicated than that
another one makes you small which
honestly at this point I think kind of
past the point of absurdity two of those
is enough trying to you know eke out an
extra magic mush if possible does take
us a couple extra seconds but the idea
is it could pretty easily be worth it
secret room could be I still a hold out
hope this could be our secret room let's
go
we got a verb pill it gives us I don't
know what the last pill we took was we
should try to get a good pill and then
we'll feel about things a little
differently so this is free access to
our item room which gives us a key which
we can use to go in our shop you got to
get restock and you probably want to try
the office so good I was going to say
blank card a playing card is another one
that probably interests you if you're in
there because death is good but a to of
something is way way better so you start
with restock and we get a blank card
High Priestess again we got a key which
is nice and then blank card card against
humanity is like actually
good I want the death card but I don't
want to buy anything else think it's
actually good like financially speaking
but you know me
same old G I'm not going to spend my
whole life worrying about making sure
that we use a blank card card against
humanity every four rooms that's a
recipe for like an 80 minute daily and
sure maybe you get a good rank out of it
but that's never been like my Platonic
ideal for The Binding of Isaac so I
think I'd be content not doing that
give me one penny please thank you this
is important because now we can get an
arcade on the next floor
I was almost like the start of bunky
town it's just important because we can
get some arcade done and I have a nerd
funky town in like 20 years
yeah that's right last time I heard it
was when I was 8 when it was popular in
1973 um I mean it's a tough call is
basically what this comes down to I
think we can afford to lose Whore of
Babylon for its years upgrade I'm just
going back to our curse room because we
can basically and it might be a
ill-advised decision but we've earned a
little bit of damage in the pursuit of
something greater I think and honestly
as far as I'm concerned that's pretty
good way I had a schedule to but we
should I think we should grab it in the
hopes you know we have 10 cents we can
get an arcade on the next floor we
should have like a caves one caves one
we should have a 60 something maybe 72
percent chance of getting a deal with
the devil so we have an evil based item
in the form of Whore of Babylon I think
but um we should have a pretty good shot
to get 67 okay we should have a pretty
good shot to lose our HP productively or
otherwise here and I mean even still we
still have five damage I actually didn't
realize how much Whore of Babylon helps
I guess if you lose Whore of Babylon
then you lose the extra damage that's
being doubled yeah I think we take it
you lose the extra damage that's being
doubled as well well our rate of fire is
ridiculous but I think I've lost
sulphuric Tears
and dude I actually think this is great
the one thing I'll say about technology
is it's really nice if you can get a
homing tears along with it
because sometimes the hitbox is like
deceptive you think you're hidden but
you're slightly off for whatever reason
but this is still very good and this is
our damage at its worst that was pretty
bad but this is our damage at its worst
like it is never going to be worse than
this damage unless we get like a curse
of the blind soymilk or something like
that all we need to do is get back in
the Whore of Babylon state hopefully we
can do so by picking up a deal with the
devil that improves us as well and then
we're like very extremely off to the
races
I'm still banking on this arcade because
there's that mob trap room that I can't
access right now
might as well peep this we could replace
the death card it's not that good blank
cards Stars blank card Wheel of Fortune
well I guess blank cards stars actually
makes a lot of sense right now as we do
know there's our arcade as we do not
have many keys and the chance that maybe
we could use this to teleport out of
some rooms we don't want to do if there
are rooms we don't want to do we don't
know this pill yet there's whore Babylon
gimpy that's a great pickup let's take
the pill it's 48 our Energy's blank are
the stars we can use like immediately I
don't really want to play the judgement
it doesn't really interest me playing
card hermit I think you just use the
Hermit open this bad boy up we don't
want anything in here grab this move
along okay but what I will do and we're
so far ahead of schedule I'm still
freaking out I'm like you know we got to
go fast we got to go fast we probably
don't need to go that fast you blow the
judgment for the ridiculous
deal with the devil chance
and you know what I'm going to do one
last thing here that I think makes sense
and apply a 3-cent spirit art as a
regular heart that's what I meant to say
but I'm gonna buy a 3-cent heart and the
idea is extra gimpy chances no such luck
and we could buy spirit hearts and go to
like or try to go to a self-sacrifice
room because we do not as of yet have a
seam right we already picked up
technology right forgot about that one
there's not really a waste I mean it's
just a very very slight waste of time if
anything but I forgot that we had
already been where we needed to go on
this floor so in all likelihood we will
get a deal with the devil Abaddon is a
great choice working towards guffy is a
great choice all that we got to realize
you know we're at 11 minutes and
whatever in this run right now so we
only have like two floors left after
which point the run is over unless we
find a seam so I think if we find it's
tough because you don't want to miss
Vause rush like the dream is a good
pivot there was our other pill 48 our
energy bad necessarily oh that's pretty
good the dream is you teleport out of
boss rush after you finish it you grab
the self-sacrifice room and then you go
to the lam fight I actually think we've
got the chance for that you know we got
8 HP and we got a teleport card it's
basically all we need
you are not Krampus which is great news
let's grab this grab this we really want
to be in the Whore of Babylon State so
I'll take that we might not get the
polaroid so I don't think there's any
cost to having one red heart if anything
is just you know fodder for a future
deal with the devil so I'm not against
it I felt this way on like the past the
past two dailies and my ranks haven't
really reflected they haven't been bad
in fact they'd been they've been pretty
good but they haven't really reflected
how well I thought that I had played or
at least do you know how many points I
thought that I'd gotten relative to the
norm
but I really think today we've got a
good steak on having like a decent
decent run
we've only been hit maybe twice like by
by enemies so I really think and and we
have like almost every upgrade that I
could have conceived of having on a run
that's that's this short relatively
speaking so I'm really thinking that
today we got a chance at that top 50 but
we need to find the seam and that would
at least for me be like the symbolic
closing oh nice yeah we don't need that
yet because we can take both of these
actually and be fine and then go back
and snag the HP if we want to anyway or
you know don't take it and then we can
take HP on the next floor I I'm going to
avoid placenta and I'm really on the
fence about this this was like you know
if you're looking for your homework
question for the day not that I should
be the one assigning it to you
considering how I've played an Isaac
recently but oh dude sack boy no doubt
but why don't I take the center there
I'm thinking that it's probably related
to the life steal the life steal seems
not lifesteal but life gained it just
seems like if I pick up super bandage or
something like that then I could
accidentally take myself out of the
Whore of Babylon state which would
really compromise our pace but then you
might just argue well why not just not
take you know super Vantage if it shows
up oh yeah okay but a couple of points
there that I would like to make crystal
the blind is one of them if we never
pick up items that could be bad with
curse of the blind we'd never pick up
items on curses of lying to begin with
and now you maybe you're saying now
you're getting it except for this that's
not the way I like to live my life here
I like to live my life like this no
tomorrow we got so much time here we I'm
not going to fight on that room unless
we get like a feels like I'm walking on
sunshine or something like that but
and see good reason not to explore at
this point and moreover it's it's mostly
just that like placenta seems like it's
more harm than good like we never want
the live steel if we only want one red
heart container there's better
opportunities to get those probably in
the future we got nine lives anyway so
nine lives is actually by the way a
great choice for us when it comes to
doing self-sacrifice rooms because each
one of those is basically an HP upgrade
so we're looking for self sacrifice on
this floor and I think we have a genuine
chance to make great things happen if we
can find a dude if this is a - of deep
pockets is the greatest purchase because
now we can start doubling things while
also having a teleport card so we can do
boss rush and then escape from the we
just use this there is a self-sacrifice
room so we have our we have our angle
now we've done it this is like where and
it's not the two of I want it but this
is where like the audience starts to
clap for us because you know we landed
the Space Shuttle on the moon that's not
you actually when the lunar module on
the moon okay look thank you for your
service this country owes you a great
debt now shut the hell up and let me do
my job you don't need any of these
okay okay got our secret room flatworm
does nothing but we'll pick it up
because bloody penny is potentially like
actively deleterious in all honesty
probably are correct play oh we have
golden keys nevermind I'm gonna say like
we don't need to explore anything but
with golden keys you might as well and
I'll come in here I'm not taking Isaac's
heart you know I'm grizzled old veteran
I know you're you young pups out there
young dumb and full of something that
starts with C and ends with something
that rhymes with you know Byzantium
chrysanthemums no it's not
chrysanthemums are like yeah I gotta get
on my motorcycle and do a wheelie to
impress the chicks that I can pass on my
genes you know I'm past that I don't
need to do this games version of a
wheelie which is okay you didn't drop
just used 2 of hearts we got stars
we got lovers just use lovers take these
with you avoid all complications I don't
need to do a wheelie I'm getting up I'm
into my 30s you know I'm not into my
thirties but I'm getting into my 30s I'm
a little old before my time I'll be the
first to admit that but you know I don't
need to impress ladies either I have a
wife you know what she likes ooh tell me
more about how you know you own your car
what we don't is paid off next year but
and you know your credit score is good
that's what that's like the 30-year old
version of doing a wheelie is like you
want to get brunch we can even get like
an appetizer that sounds lame you don't
know what the heck you're talking about
it's the greatest thing in the world
okay let's
I mean okay sad I wish there was a
battery you know what we're going to get
so many charges
we should buy like one thing I like
having no curses we can actually buy two
things for certain and then the rest of
these are very debatable so we still got
to a diamond stars high prices we don't
need these we need to a times we've
stars okay let's go
I think I'm pickup ready we might as
well check this we got tons of time I
don't want to mess this up this is like
an actual chance at a great run well it
turned out to be a good decision to buy
mom's key so don't take this card yet
this is a bad decision so don't take
this pill I should say scary to this one
to a hearts to pop it credit cards we
just pop it it ruins the Steam sale to a
diamonds pop it get that trash out of
here we need the teleport card as the
thing moons fine sure the stars is what
we've been using don't even don't even
give it a chance to get messed up just
go fight just go fight we don't need to
double just go fight sure there might
have cost us ever so slightly but we
have the right permutation of items
right now this has been handled
relatively properly I think good work
team so we do take polaroid and then I'm
boss rush oh that's why you don't take
placenta magic mush has very slightly
improved our damage because I already
have crickets head but I mean what I
guess you think mr. mega there let's do
it I don't know the speed upgrade is
like relatively worth it shouldn't is
still there yeah I mean who could have
predicted that right I'm going to drop a
bomb in the middle just so our
technology shots are more likely to hit
everything you know the faster we do
that the easier life's going to be it's
a word like actually extremely high on
points relative to where we normally are
on a run that's made it to this point
sixteen thousand before even beating
boss rush is very very very good there
is an enemy somewhere presumably
destined to get the dentist that that
that that it's got a nice BPM here's
you've got to admit okay we got to kill
them before he goes back down nicely
done team and there should be a fast
boss rush remember there's no hush but
suppose in theory there might be a
chance for us to go to the void floor
and we actually have a run that is
relatively well equipped for those
purposes I think now the bummer here to
a very slight extent is that there's
really no reason to use blank card with
anything right now in boss rush oh oh
that was a mild bummer it would have
been very nice to have like a two of
clubs or something like that you know we
could have gotten 299 bombs there was an
ace of spades and I suppose you could
have turned all of the consumables into
keys and then you know there's a lot of
them so these red hearts would have been
dusted and that's probably a good
opportunity for us to get an extra 500
points or so that's a I'm just coming up
with a number off the top of the dome
piece but you get the idea
so that's that's a slight whiff but very
very very slight today's daily is
actually great fun engaging very very
strong oh hey see you there
and the puzzle for how to find the seam
or at least what looks like the seam was
a pretty cool one in my world small rock
got to look to bombs for a bomb a dude
dude I don't even know if you take
kidney stone anymore my reasoning for
not taking kidney stone is that it's a
speed downgrade and I don't think we
need like yeah smart and smart play
there I don't think we need to worry
about our speed but in a way like why
wouldn't we if we have the option so do
you want to spend on bad items here is
the thing like we have 97 cents 97 cents
is worth points it's worth quite a lot
of points so I don't think it's a bad
idea to maybe just stick with 97 cents
instead of buying a couple spacebar
items we don't care about so this is
going to hurt but it's also like the way
and it is a possibility I hate the sound
from the meat there man it is a
possibility although every passing
spirit heart makes it less likely that
we will have 1 hp left when we go down
to the lam floor which is not my idea of
a great time but with nine lives and
good damage you should be relatively ok
come on just give me I mean we got angel
statues coming up very shortly here but
give me the seven spirit heart payout
and then this is like vindication I
don't you do take these because they
give you a like a point multiplier
something that looks like seven spirit
outs to me so we're living the dream
last best thing to make this run truly
pop is you know what don't play this yet
I just realized we have two of diamonds
and I don't know if we have an
accessible battery charge but there's
not really a good reason not to do we
notice the case of spades
there's not really a good reason not to
buy a couple of things and then use two
of diamonds which will never need to use
to double again
so sure by Plan C get the map jumper
cables is going to charge up our stuff
more frequently and don't buy the
compass hear me out here we're going to
go to every room anyway grab blank card
to a diamonds just use to a diamonds get
it out of here we're never going to get
higher than $0.99
so was it worth it I don't know probably
not really I mean we accrued a slightly
higher item penalty
mostly for jumper cables which is going
to give us slightly more frequent access
to High Priestess but we got a map one
more one more play here there we go
let's go good job team this has been a
very positive daily I feel I feel closer
to you than I ever have in my life
before let's gets down there sweet range
up irrelevant blow this thing up of
course see what you get pretty fly sorry
what I mean is pretty fly and then
48-hour energy I think you just
straight-up mash on these enemies with
High Priestess
you know the drill at this point like I
can't believe we have zero luck this
late in the run but our principle goal
is just to never ever take damage so
we're going to work towards that and
then it would be nice to get to both
secret rooms but I'm not going to sweat
it too much these guys like if you get
hit against them that's a free pass as
far as I'm concerned you know it's very
difficult if they live for like longer
than two seconds it's very difficult to
dodge them is 37,000 points within the
realm of possibility no I don't believe
so
full-stop basically I'm not trying to be
negative here but I'm trying to be more
realistic
I don't think 37,000 is plausible
maybe blank card ace of spades plus like
the the red hearts that get dropped by
enemies thanks to GIMP II was actually
like a hugely important part of this
this plan that I was unaware of but so
this dude I'm just going to you know
smack them I'm going to smack them again
this should be the hardest room that we
have on this floor so I don't mind even
though we've got extra battery charges
sitting outside I don't mind burning up
a high priestess to get some extra
damage done here with that one almost
got me thanks sweet so uh yeah yeah yeah
that's fine at least we got our HP back
by a gimpy so and actually getting hit
took us to the next level here what's up
with that like our rate of fire
increased drastically oh you know what
it is spilt milk an item I basically
disrespect all the time but is actually
like half decent in situations exactly
like that so we could leave and maybe we
should leave from a point standpoint
but I'm going to continue to explore a
little bit because I find that who dares
wins you know and by that I mean that if
I don't explore people are going to yell
at me excuse me and not like in the game
anymore
this is like my penance to show that I
still enjoy the game you might be saying
well what about all that stuff you said
about being you know approaching your
30s you don't need to impress anybody
anymore
well I'm approaching my thirties not my
fifties once I get into my 50s then we
start you know really doing whatever we
want it's the way it always goes isn't
it oh dude I don't know about this I
mean very happy to have the magician
card occasionally once every four rooms
is not that frequent of course but at
least all of our shots within the
vicinity are going to land and I might
have saved us a little bit of heartache
on that room we've almost recovered for
the second bit of damage that we took
over the lam fight point-wise and you
never know if like a rogue - a spades
could show up at the end and allow us to
really start cranking on this run but
either way we're going to leave this
feeling good this is three good dailies
in a row that are probably going to be
within the top 150 it's kind of moving
the goalposts a little bit but don't
have too many other options right now
yeah never should have stood there but I
mean how many times we get hit over the
course of this entire run less than 10
even if we've made some a little bit of
questionable damage on this floor yeah
that time I was like should we pop the
magician and then by the time I had
actually thought about it it was far too
late to make a difference but okay the
ai-ai-ai-ai a bad damaged bad damage
it's all coming apart at the end it's
actually not like we're still so
completely fine it's not even funny but
we are gonna probably inch a little
further
out of the top 100 maybe as a result but
still this scene was not guaranteed the
fact that we managed to make it work
it's a nice testament to our to our play
here if we find a good opportunity to
use a or to find our secret rooms we
should take it I mean this is the
obvious location but I thought that was
the room that we spawned in this is
another possibility this is a second
secret room possibility this is the
second secret room possibility all right
so we're out of here
99 dude remarkably consistent at least
for now thanks for watching if you guys
have enjoyed the episode we did click
the like button how's that a great deal
and of course subscribe if you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time